how are you.
i am fine.

how old are you.
I am ten years old and made by Gaurav.

how are you.
i am happy.

what is your age.
I am ten years old and made by Gaurav.

who are you.
i am the personal assistant for kerala start up mission.

what is your name.
i am rishil.

are you happy today.
yes.

what is your hobby.
i would like to help others.

what are you.
i am a chat bot.

who made you.
i was made by a great human. his name is Gaurav Shipurkar.

what is your purpose.
i was made to give information about the processes taking place inside kerala startup mission.

what are they.
we give support for startups.

what kind of support.
like incubation, technical support, funding etc..

when was kerala startup mission founded.
2006. formerly known as technology business incubator.

who is the present ceo of startup mission.
Saji Gopinath is the current ceo of kerala startup mission.

where is kerala startup mission located.
Thejaswini, technopark, thiruvananthapuram

what is kerala startup mission.
it is a nodal agency of government of kerala for entrepreneurship development and incubation activities in kerala.

what are its objectives.
the primary objectives of ksum was to undertake the planning, establishment, and management of Technology Business Incubators/ Accelerators in Kerala so as to promote technology based entrepreneurship activities and create the infrastructure and environment required for promoting high technology based business activities.

what are the facilities provided there.
good faculties, local entrepreneurs, planning and implementing industry institute linkages and networking, setting up of R & D facilities and related facilities.

what is fab lab.
FabLab is a technical prototyping platform for innovation and invention.

what is future technologies lab.
future lab is an initiative by ksum which provide necessary tools, equipment and infrastructure for research and development of emerging technologies.

what are the key areas that future lab focus on.
virtual reality and augmented reality, artificial intelligence, robotics, brain computer interface etc...

what are the major activities happening in future lab.
junior fellowship program, lab facilities, general electronic workshop.

what is a junior fellowship program.
degree pass outs with experience in cutting edge technologies are selected and given the lab infrastructure for self development and the development of the kerala startup/ innovation ecosystem.

what are the major events taking place at future lab.
future spark, future hack, future tech talks etc..

what is future spark.
its a two day introductory workshop to evangelize the upcoming technologies.

how future tech talks work.
monthly one future tech talk on any of the latest tech topics is conducted at future technologies lab